# KeyBug
KeyBug is a simple, social matching platform to match two population subsets with similar interests.

This started as a freelance, Pro-Bono project for Scientists In The Classroom, a project of the National Center for Science Education, but as I started thinking about the wider use cases in all of the Public, Governmental, Education, Non-Profit and Civic spaces, I realized I needed to keep the core of this project open and extensible, allowing a bring your own style of integration.  By default it will integrate with SurveyMonkey and leverage API keys that are stored in an encrypted keystore. I will try to integrate more as time permits, as well as investigate the possibility of creating a plugin platform that allows for self-created providers.


This project, and by extension, Trinity Computers are in no way sponsored by, affilliated with, or agents of SurveyMonkey, Inc, the National Center for Science Education, nor the Scientists In The Classroom project, except as it pertains to this application, as it was a part of a project completed for, and released to the NCSE.   Attribution and use statements made here are not, nor are they intended to be statements of endorsement of any listed parties by any listed parties.  SurveyMonkey’s trademarks (such as SurveyMonkey, the “The best decisions start here” tagline, Precision Polling, and any logo versions of those marks) are owned by SurveyMonkey Inc. and its affiliates in the United States and other countries. Any relationship with SurveyMonkey is solely on a voluntary basis and is limited to the utilization of their Application Programming Interface(s) in my software applications.  
